2021.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to driver Makefiles to resolve Windows compilation failure.

2021.1.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to example design helper IP driver Makefiles to support Windows tool chain.
 * Other: Refreshed example design helper IP for latest tool compatibilty and associated example design changes.

2020.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2020.2.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Example design updated to use board support package.

2020.1.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Correct example design PS application Vitus build script.
 * Bug Fix: RTL files/modules renamed to resolve synthesis critical warnings.

2019.2.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Correction dump_block function in C model example application for 5G configurations.
 * Bug Fix: Update to C model example application dump_axis function to support MS Visual Studio.
 * Bug Fix: Correction to example design AXI4-Stream 256-bit & 512-bit TKEEP annotation blocks.
 * Bug Fix: Enhanced LDPC code validation.
 * Other: Update PS example design to use Vitis.

2019.1.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Addressing memory leak in MEX wrapper.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed C model crash when multiple DSP IP C models are run together: AR 71876
 * Other: Reduce programmable logic clock frequency in example design when -1L parts are specified.
 * Other: Correction to transaction file generation on Windows.
 * Other: Add DOCSIS ranging codes.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to memory initialization file generation on Windows.
 * Other: Device support for xczu35dr and xczu37dr added

2018.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Improve example design AWGN channel accuracy.
 * Feature Enhancement: Runtime Loading GUI tab updated to reflect changes in XPE and Vivado Report Power, AR71060

2018.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * General: Initial release

(c) Copyright 2018 - 2021 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
